Reviewer 2
I appreciate that the authors have addressed the primary comments regarding mechanistic gaps. However, there are still technical details in the methodological sections that require revision.
Response 1:
There is still a lack of computational details. Although the authors provide a GitHub link to the scripts used in the study, these essential details must be provided within the Materials and Methods section of the manuscript. From the provided GitHub repository, it is clear that AMBER was used as the MD engine, hence this should be explicitly stated. Furthermore, I encourage the authors to revise their MD pipeline to address a discrepancy between the simulation length in the files provided and the reported in the manuscript. I also advise the authors not to reset the velocities at the beginning of the production run, as undermines the purpose of the equilibration step.
Ligand parametrization details and parameters are missing from both the manuscript and the GitHub repository.
Response 2:
It remains unclear what the authors mean by the statement: "8HFW will be used for subsequent studies". The authors should clarify if the results presented in the current manuscript were generated using the 8HFW crystal structure or the AlphaFold 3 model.
Response 3: The authors' revision regarding the oligomeric state remains insufficient. The claim that "RFAA provided the initial conformational hypothesis and conducted molecular dynamics (MD) simulations" is technically incorrect, as RFAA is a structural prediction tool and not an MD engine. Moreover, the claim that MD simulations "verified" the dimer in terms of energy and kinetic stability without a proper thermodynamic assessment is overreaching. I encourage the authors to provide a more rigorous justification for the proposed dimerization state.
Response 4: There is a lack of technical details used to support the claims regarding the correlation of PRS and catalytic activity. The authors must state the geometric cutoffs used for their analysis.